 Hi, my name is Mick Cooper and I'm going to be talking through a video of person senate council practice. So I guess what I'm doing in this video is that I'm as a person senate practitioner, really trying to give the client space to talk through what's going on and make sense of their problems and understand and think about ways forward in the way that works for them. But also as a person senate practitioner, I do have a client experience or focus what I mean by that is I'm also trying to understand the client's kind of deeper experiencing and help them connect with their experiencing at a deeper level because there's a sense in which that's where some of the answers for them are going to come. If they're talking about things, it may be a kind of just on the surface. It's more rehearsed material, things that they're more familiar with. Then there might be less likely to move forward as the research would suggest. But if they're talking about things, they might be more emotionally connecting with maybe with more their emotions so they can really understand what's going on for them. So let me start the video. Here we go. Hi Martha. Nice to see you. So James, I'm sorry, what would be useful to talk about how things go in? That's a pretty awful start. How are things going? I can't look better than that. But I think probably just bit anxious. I do often say at the beginning of sessions like clients, how would you like to use this time? I think it can be some of those useful to help focus clients and help them think about how they want to work for that session. Yeah, I mean things are okay. This work is just insane right now. As you know, I like my work. I like for the most part the people I work with. But yesterday this one guy Dave, he's like my assistant, but he can't anyone. I give him tasks and he always seems to just like say he's trying to do it and ends up being blamed on me or other people just don't know that like that task was assigned to him. And so that it looks like I'm not doing my my work. So that just like makes me so aware of what it's like to work with good people. But obviously I can't say anything like to my boss because I don't know, I just can't put that that kind of authority. You were saying about Dave a lot. I remember you saying last week about Dave and saying you were getting really frustrated with him. Yeah, he like, I don't even know if he's aware that he's not doing things. Um, but I don't know, he's nice people respect him, but I don't know if like you're my assistant, it seems like get things done. Um, what what happened? Did something happen then yesterday that really? Yeah, right. Yeah. So you can see there that I'm asking for detail. I guess I'm inviting the client to talk about it a bit more specifically. Often I find one of the best ways into more of that experiencing the more emotional side of things is to ask for details and to try and understand what actually happened. Sometimes clients can talk quite generally, um, quite vaguely about things and it can be useful to say, right, okay, what actually happened there. Let's go through it. Let's try and get some sense of what you were feeling in relation to Dave or, or what was going on for you. Yeah. So we have this big project. Um, and like each person has their own tests and because he's my assistant, like I gave him a bunch of tests to do. Um, and I was relying on him and I mean, so were other people and he just left work early. Uh, like he was like, oh no, I have plans. And he tried saying that he told us about it, um, which like I don't think he did. Um, and so just left all of us with way more to do and other people. I don't know. They were like, yeah, I know that's totally fine. We'll get it done. But to me, that's just not, you can't just do that. It left all of a sudden all of his tests. I either now had to do or give to other people. Um, I'm like things we're due today. So I don't know. He's just like a pain to work with. I'm not the first time either. Yeah, you're saying what we, so what were you the feeling yesterday? What was the kind of emotion? What was the feeling for you? And again, you can hear there that I'm trying to get down and understand more the feeling. I guess what I'm doing often when I'm counting thing is like trying to have a bodily felt sense of what goes on for the client, my particularly with emotions. Um, we can understand it cognitively, but I'm always trying to get that embodied sense of like, how does it feel? What was going on? And I'm not at this point really understanding that clients talking about this problem today, but, um, yeah, I want to, I want to know it so I can reflect it back and kind of go deeper into it. Guess I'm also on the worries that with this client, she came to therapy. So she's been feeling low. Um, and she's been having relationships with the boyfriend. So I'm just kind of talking in the back of my mind that, you know, she's talking about work and work is used. But that wasn't necessarily what she came to talk about. So there's a kind of question about whether we carry on talking about this, which is client seems to have some energy about it. Or whether perhaps she would find it more helpful to go back and to be thinking about what's happening with her boyfriend day. So that's just in the back of my mind. I don't know. He was just like pissing me off, but, but also other people were totally fine with it. Um, so you, you're feeling pissed off. Yeah, maybe. He's just like, I don't know, he's near the company. So I don't know if that like is something that will end up, I don't know. It sounds like it sounds like for you, Martha, there was a finny kind of like been pissed off with him. It frustrated beard him, you anger with him, but also you're kind of noticing that you're feeling those things. And there are other people on feeling that and one of the more that's like, well, that brings up for you. Um, yeah, I mean, I don't know if other people aren't feeling it or, or if they just don't, don't show it in the same way. I don't know, like obviously I can get pissed off with him at work. Um, so it's mainly just like when he does things like that. I don't know because he's done, he's done things like that before where he just drops his, all of his tests. So you can see that I'm really trying to avoid in a sense getting a discussion, into a discussion about Dave and whether Dave's in the right thing or wrong thing. For me, person saying that therapy is about really trying to connect with things, I was saying at that experiential level, like what is my client feeling, what she going through? One of the ways we can kind of move away from that is if we end up getting caught up in discussions about so and so and other people and the client here does have quite an externalised focus. I've asked a few times you can see about how she feels and she's 10 minutes ago, but I'm talking about others, which is fine. And you know, at some point in work, you might, you've got to notice that, move your further down the line. But at this point, it feels more helpful to kind of stay with that, but try and bring her back into how she's feeling, where she, yeah, she's at with it. Um, ah, I can hear that going to annoyed, pissed off, you're going to smile in, but actually you were really annoyed. Yeah, there's a kind of incongruence between how she's expressing herself, the smiling and laughing, but actually that there was an annoyance. And I'm trying to kind of just recognise that discrepancy and invite her back into that annoyance and that that feeling. Tell me about like, tell me about like kind of being annoyed. Um, does it feel for you? I don't know, it's just like, it like makes me want to yell at him or something, which obviously isn't appropriate at the workplace. Um, but, I don't know. No, like I want, I mean, obviously I can't. You're not going to yell. No, but if you were going to yell, what would you say to him? Um, like grow up. Like you have responsibilities. Sometimes one way of helping clients to connect with more of the feelings is inviting them to speak from that position or to say what they might say to somebody and to kind of express it allows them to sometimes connect a bit more deeply with the emotion. You know, grow up, you have responsibilities. Yeah. I mean, I just don't feel like he's aware of like his actions, whatever he drops, all of a sudden, I was put on as. Yeah, and that feels what I'm fair. Yeah. It feels unfair. He's just kind of going off and you're left. I mean, to pick everything up. Yeah. I'm just noticing actually as you're talking about that, I guess, you know, a couple of weeks ago, you were saying you, you know, things are feeling difficult with your partner and that's difficult. And I guess there's some of those, it sounds like there's, there's a few resonances there between what you're feeling with Dave and also what you're feeling with your boyfriend about. You know, you were saying about can I grow up, take some responsibility. So what you can see there is that I do bring it back to what she came to therapy to talk about, what she's been talking about in the session before about her boyfriend and kind of making the link because I'm picking up those things about tape responsibility. People just not holding themselves, but it seems a parallel. I mean, I guess is that leading in a way it is a bit, a bit and perhaps I could have said something like, you know, I know you're talking about Dave and I wonder if you want to come around and talk about Dave or whether, you know, it'd be more useful to focus on your boyfriend. I could have made that a bit more explicit rather than perhaps leading her in a particular direction. But I guess I was struck by the connection and thought that might be useful to explore with her. Yeah, I guess. How's things been going there? And again, it's a pretty crappy question. How's things been going now? It's very vague and non-specific. It's not particularly helpful. I mean, I'm sorry, normally good. Like obviously we get along. He's funny. We just hit one here. Yeah, I mean, for the most part, I would say things are good. We hang out with friends a lot. You know, this isn't unusual. The client comes and they have a problem that they bring, but then actually when you talk to them about it, they say, yeah, it's kind of fine. I guess it's typical for people often to acknowledge that things are difficult. We don't like to feel sometimes when we're in a bus, more painful emotion. So it's understandable that the client is maybe pushing that side of things away. And I think from a person sent a standpoint, a role can be to just give them space to be able to invite them into talking about maybe the more difficult thing. I sometimes think that therapy and the real value of it is a place where you can talk about things that may be more difficult to talk about elsewhere. And so this is an opportunity for the client to do that. Sometimes that can be just by providing that acceptance and unconditional positive regard that allows the client to feel that they can talk about anything and they're not being judged. But sometimes questioning invitations can also be perhaps a useful part of that. It's nice. But you did say that when we were talking a few weeks ago that there's also difficult fees and an essential stuff you want to sort out. Yeah, like... So you can hear that and bring it back to the difficulties and invite them to talk about, I guess the stuff that she has said is concerning her. I don't know. I feel like... I mean, as I said that he disappears sometimes, just for a few days and doesn't text or anything. I mean, he's reassuring about it or whatever, but that also feels childish. It's what it's like. You can't just disappear or not message ghost me or whatever. I don't know if he's in contact with other people when he does that, but whenever I tell him, he's just like, oh no, I was okay. Kind of laughs it off. What did you say? You're not sure if he's in contact with other people? When she said that, I was wondering, did she mean that he's got other girlfriends perhaps? So, but something that I was quite surprised by and wanting to ask. I guess it's about me being curious. I don't think so. It's about trying to understand the full picture. Well, when he doesn't message me back, I don't think other people are like, oh my god, he's not messaging me either. It feels like it's only me that he's not texting. Like, he's close with his family, so I'm sure they're in touch, but... So I'm wrong from that. And yeah, so she kind of corrects my understanding, which he's fine. So I go with what she's describing. I don't know. That just feels like... Yeah, like he's ghosting me, but it's just like so much of his flakiness or like his lack of awareness. I don't know. I feel like all guys are just like so many years behind. Yeah, I mean, that's something I could have picked up on. And I could have said, you know, noticing that you're talking about, you guys being used behind and you're saying that to Melcow, some are on wonder how that feels. I think something I've learned is that sometimes they can be a real value and bring it into the room, but sometimes it's not really what the client is focused on. And I think that would have felt a bit of a kind of diversion from where the client is at and saying, you know, how does it feel to say that to me as a Melcow. So I was massively impacted upon by it. I think if I've maybe been more impacted, I might have been more likely to bring it up. And again, it's quite abstract, it's quite general. And I guess I'm trying to help the client to talk about things in a more concrete, affective way. I'm a maturity and it's but like, you can see I'm not laughing at that point. I mean, what's there to complain about? Like, he treats me well. He's getting around, he's funny. But you're going to say it's, how does it feel because, you know, I guess on the one hand you're saying it's fine, it's okay, it's going well, but there's some serious concerns there that you have. Yeah. So again, working on a person's answer way, I'm bringing her back to the things that she said that she's concerned with. I'm inviting her to talk about the things that feel a bit deeper, I guess. You know, I guess from some persons at the standpoint, classical, you might say that's quite leading. But I think experientially there's a kind of legitimacy justification in trying to help the client be put into maybe the more difficult things. I mean, like the concerns, I don't know if that's just like on me. He's, like he is great. And then some small things will happen, you know, like disappearing or I think, I don't know, if we, no, I don't think we talked about this last time, but like we had a wedding, a friend, a mine was getting married. I'm like, obviously he was going to be my plus one. And then just a couple days before he was like, sorry, I can't come. I'm saying that, like there's an emergency with his mom, which I don't know, maybe they're close, but not a big enough emergency. Like I saw him a few days after the wedding. I need to mention it. So that was just like flakiness at the highest level. I don't know. It's like, that just feels childish also. But I don't know if it was a child like that. Just like childish to do that kind of flakiness or dropping things at the last minute. Or like not being aware that your actions have consequences. I mean, but I guess like he apologized and stuff. So like that's not childish. But that's probably not helpful. I mean, that's an example of me asking about someone else in her world, rather than what she means by childish. Again, what I'm trying to do, those get that kind of felt sense of what's going on for it. And I'm kind of, yeah, I mean, what do you think this appointment may be sadness? Kind of anger, maybe I think probably at this point, I'm just beginning to get a sense of some of the disappointment that is there behind what she's saying. But it's kind of left you with a sense. I mean, it sounds like the apology felt okay. But it's also left you with a sense. So I don't know, what is it that that uncertainty or feeling a bit you can't trust in. So you can see I'm taking that back to the client and saying, you know, this is what I'm kind of picking up. Is that right? That's that kind of empathic unfolding process of trying to kind of attune to the client and understand with them what it is that they're experiencing. I mean, like, yeah, his apology, like he apologized. That's step one. I don't know, but like how many times can you apologize? I don't know. Like, it just didn't make me feel like this was going to be the last apology. Probably it's going to be a lot more. Yeah, or like, oh, apologizing then just like gets rid of whatever just happened. Or I was like, I'm not going to forget that he just dropped out, you know, but to him maybe, maybe it's like, oh, well, if I do something and then I apologize for it, like mistake erased, which like, that's done. That's childish. Because it's because I see for you, it sounds like it isn't it raised that there's something that's still there. Tell me what's what happened. So you were going to go to this because it sounds like that quite an impact on you. So you were, you'd plan to go to this friend's wedding. Yeah. So you threw it. That's a pretty convoluted response. First, trying to pick up with a client and then going on to ask a question, not very succinct. But I guess what I'm doing in that latter part is inviting her to say a bit more. And he's kind of trying it, you know, and it's not like a cognitive thing about trying to understand the story. I mean, it partly is that, but he's also about wanting to get a more concrete sense of what actually happened so that I can understand more about where she is in her world and in relation to this situation. Yeah. No, she's a really close friend. We've known each other since we were a little. Like Josh has met her a bunch. And so she was getting married. And obviously Josh knew for a while that he was going to be my plus one, which was obvious. Plus like they got to know each other. And then we like we knew that we were going to have to travel and like paper hotel and stuff like that. And he wasn't in the party, but I was. And just like a couple days before he called me, but I think I like I couldn't talk. I think I was at work. And so then just over text he was like he was apologetic, but he was like, hey sorry, can't come to the wedding. I'm like that was it. And so obviously I was like, you know, we need to talk about this. But he just said that there was an emergency with his mom. And then ghosted me for a few days. So that's like, well, like the ghosting is normal for him. But obviously not just like dropping the wedding. And so I had to go, I mean like fine, I can go alone. I've done that. I know how to be independent, but it just it sucked. Like I was relying on him. And so then I had to go to the the wedding alone. Obviously like my friend Carlo was, I don't know, she was her wedding day, but it was like, you know, where's Josh? And I was like, like I actually didn't have a name so I was like, oh, I'm rich and see with his mom. And then it was just like a simple apology when I got back. So again, from her person sent it standpoint, I guess question is like, what do you think that she's feeling here? Like what's the core thing? What's the red thread kind of underlying feeling? Is it disappointment? Is it shame? Is it anger? From a person sent at standpoint, but those maybe hidden feelings are a kind of an expression of what Rogers, Carl Rogers, talks about as the organismic value and potential. It's like our kind of innate sense of knowing a particular situation. And you know, her disappointment for instance is a response to something that is disappointing. That is doesn't feel good enough. And if we can help if I as a counselor can help recognize and access that and kind of take it seriously, then that allows her to think about it, to draw on it, to think about what she really wants in her life, not necessarily to end the relationship or not, but rather than pushing those kind of feelings away by allowing herself to recognize those feelings, she can actualize as Rogers would have talked about more of her full self, her full perception, experiencing rather than having certain elements of her experiencing, denied, distorted because they're too maybe painful or that she doesn't feel that she's allowed to have those experiences. So how did you feel? I mean, just wanting back a bit. So you get this text from him saying, just sorry, I can't. How did you feel? I mean, like he tried to call and I was at work. I'm like, you know, so we spoke for a few minutes. No, but like when he texted I was, I don't know, like on one hand I felt familiar. It also totally sucked. I don't know, it kind of just made me feel like a loan or like a loan, but also, okay, well, like this independence is normal or familiar. So there was a sense of familiarity. Yeah. You said a bit more about that when you say familiar, what you mean? Like, I don't know, we've only been together a year, so like, you know, I've been single in the past. Just like this feeling of, I'm on my, I'm like both in a good way of like, you know, I'm independent. I can do my own things. I'm like, can take care of myself, things like that, but it also just felt, I don't know, like he wasn't, he wasn't aware of how it would make me feel like one, all of a sudden to drop a wedding that we had been looking forward to, and then also like to do that over text. So it felt like he wasn't, he wasn't aware. And what was that for you? Did you feel angry with him or upset or disappointed? I mean, like I was, I think I thought angry that he did it without an explanation or like one that felt valid. No, but I think I was more just like hurt. There's something about kind of going back into a place of just being on your own and having to do things by yourself, which is you say there's some freedom there and there's some excitement, but there's also something about it for you that feels familiar and a bit maybe hurtful to be back there again. Yeah. You can see that the pace of the session has really changed. It's really slowed down. You can see her expression is much more serious, whereas earlier on she was smiling a lot and laughing a lot. She's kind of gone into this. She's beginning, I think, to connect a bit with her feelings of her. And I'm getting that sense as well, although it's in shes what I said, there's still kind of going a bit with my sense of it, which was around more and disappointment, which is maybe my misinterpretation, my staff, Robyn, and maybe just being with her and that sense of her, but we're connecting with it now. There is a kind of hurt there in that relationship with Josh. I mean, like the independence part I'm fine with, I think the hurtful part was like the fact that the agency seemed like he really understood how much this meant to me. And that, you know, like photos at the wedding and like the experience of going to a wedding, that kind of thing, like all of a sudden, not only will he not be there, but it's like, look at Martha, she's single, even though I'm not, but just like, I don't know. So there was a sense that maybe people would be looking at you and the photos and things are saying, are those Martha, she's single. Yeah, like all of a sudden now, like, you know, people know we're dating, so to have to ask, like answer questions, people are asking, or I don't know, it was like one added thing. And like something that we were looking forward to, to experience together. I keep them picking up, I keep them picking up, is a kind of feeling of disappointment. Like there was something from Joshua wanting in the relationship, but I kind of someone who is there with you, someone that you could be seen as part of a couple, and that he's kind of dropped that and not really with a clear explanation or understanding of how that hadn't might feel for you. Yeah, yeah, no, that sounds right. You know, when a client says that sounds right, it's not always right. I don't know, I mean, I guess I really strongly picked up on the disappointment. I'm not sure if for Martha, that was her kind of core feeling there. Like she talked about her. There was also something there very much felt about shame and the other people seeing her and there's not Josh not being there and wondering why so that might have been another route to go down. But I hope you can see there is the kind of acceptance is around, there's no real judgment about what she's feeling, however she's feeling is there. And it's not that I'm kind of trying hard not to judge. It doesn't come into it because I'm just trying to understand what it is that Martha is experiencing in that situation to understand some of those deeper feelings so that we can kind of connect with that organism itself since from her for what she wants some needs. I don't know, it just feels like like maybe that's just the point, and as always there, like especially just with him ghosting and stuff. And then this just felt like 10 times more. Like from all tide day trip, like for a wedding. I don't know, but it also feels like like who might be disappointed. Like he's also really nice, he apologized. I don't know, but yeah, it sucked. It's hard to it sounds like without this point, but you maybe feels it or that feeling of being hurt and part of you feels that you shouldn't be feeling that you should just be enjoying the relationship and appreciating it and who are you to kind of have those feelings. Roger's theory of development is based on the idea that as we grow up we develop conditions of worth, which is about feeling that some of our experiences aren't okay to feel. It's not so much about behaviors. It's not like we learn that we shouldn't kill people. Of course, we shouldn't kill people, but it's more that what we learn is that some experiences like disappointment, I think with Martha, her, it's not okay to feel that. And Roger's comes from that position that those things are healthy, they're intelligible, they make sense, they can help guide us, they're like a compass. So it's kind of like not looking at our own in a compass, we lose connection with that. Martha's disappointed, she's hurt because there was something that she wanted there in that relationship that was really important to her and the work is about helping her at this point is about helping her connect with that feel that that's okay, feel understood and in relation to someone else with that so she's not alone with those feelings and also to think about what she can maybe learn from it. Yeah. But you do have them, don't you? Yeah. So you can see that I'm trying to validate those feelings and you know, so those feelings are there and that's okay, that's that is how you feel. Yeah, it just feels like I don't know like, as I've said like having a younger brother and like, I don't know, like I'm the one that's always taking care of other people. And like then on some level, I feel like I had to then take care of Josh being like, oh no, it's okay that you can't come like, oh don't feel sorry, like I accept your apology but I thought oh really it's okay. Something comes up to me, I mean she feels that he looks off to you. That's a kindness. In a big quiz, there's a bit left feel. I think where I was coming with that, we're thinking that there's a sense in which I think I felt that she maybe wanted some looking after but I think I'm way kind of on a different track there and you know, just listening to that, I think I could have stayed much more with her experience there. I mean she was talking about for instance a brother, she's making some connections with her own past about the way that as an older sister, she had to be the one who's kind of stronger and knew what was going on and did things and that and as I was saying before, it wasn't okay maybe for her to have those more disappointed feelings and and and and feel her. That wasn't her role in the family, I could have stayed with that really. Robbin leaping on to the question about whether she felt looked after by just your own. I think I mean I think so like he is generous. I mean like I've said before like he only really says I love you like after I say it. But I think what comes up for me and you know this might be completely wrong and just tell me if it is but it does feel like it's some level there's a sense of maybe when he's ghosting you or when he's kind of dropping out of staff that it feels like he's not maybe looking after is not the right word but it's something about how he's not there for you, he's not reliable, he's not dependable, you know, you talk to a bit last time about your brother and that role that you had in the family and kind of wanting you saying one of these you saying last week is about always wanting a bigger brother who you know somebody who you even have to do with the looking after and I'll just wonder if that connects at all to what's going on with Josh in terms of wanting him to be that person, maybe feeling a bit disappointed that he's not. Oh I'm just listening like when you shut up me, shut up, that is enough already. Yeah you can clearly see my kind of understanding coming through about her feeling disappointed by Josh and and what I'm missing there I guess he's being able to go back more to her experience and the hurt that she's talked about I really haven't come back to and yeah her feeling and maybe that it's difficult for her to talk about that at this point man or her but I'm kind of the more I'm talking the more it's getting kind of conceptual then the more I'm kind of losing her and the more it's an expression of my own kind of theories and understanding which isn't I think particularly massively helpful. I mean I think like like part of me just wants to be in a relationship where I don't know like we can look after each other or um like someone who's aware of my feelings or impact or you know like comes home after a long day and if I'm feeling down like they've all yeah I don't know if take take care of the right work but like just like to know at least one thing I do that is I really give her the chance to say that I'm wrong and I think that's really important it's so easy with when you say to clients something like it sounds like this or it sounds like that that clients because of that power differential for that they have to agree with us so it's not the same like this might be really wrong or you know really feel that you can disagree with that I think is a useful thing to say to clients to allow them to say things in their own words and what's really meaningful for them. Tune into that. Some of these might be tuned into you and those what your feelings are and it sounds like you're saying me Josh and for instance with the wedding there was a real sense of him not understanding what the impact of what what he did was. Yeah yeah I'm like we've also been together a year so I don't want to just like discount like all that he does do for me and like you know the good times that we have together but I don't know we have also been together a year like I'm ready. You're ready for? If you don't understand what a client is saying like someone says I'm ready like I don't know what she means she's ready for it's fine to say ready for one or can you just say a bit more about that. You want to understand what what it is a client's talking about and it's really fine to ask. Like to feel and accommodate like long-term relationship I mean that doesn't need to be marriage but like especially going to the wedding like I want kids just like being in a relationship where like it feels like it's full of like full of love and full of taking care of each other and checking in and like also independence but like maybe it's okay to be a little dependent on each other in terms of checking in. Do you feel that you can be dependent on Josh? Oh god I go back to that again. But I think you can hear you know something stronger is coming through and I think what we are hearing despite despite my insubin just rather than as well as is that Martha is talking about something that's important for her about what kind of relationship she wants that she wants someone where there can be some dependence and and I guess that is that you know that kind of organismic valuing that's kind of recognizing going back to you know what kind where is she what is important to her and that's what can be helpful in this work is helping our clients to kind of clarify things that maybe they haven't clarified for themselves before really understood for themselves about where they're at in life and what they want. Um like I feel like I am at time but then I always have to be aware that like you might like out. I imagine I might say it quite hard to let yourself go and really allow yourself to be dependent on him. Yeah. Yeah it's like it just always has to be like an awareness I get. Yeah I mean I guess what comes through to me is just that sense of you feeling like you have to kind of hold yourself back a bit and not totally allow yourself to trust him because although there's some really positive things that you really love about him you really like about him at some level because of the flakiness because some things it's like you just can't let yourself sink down into the relationship and really trust it. I think despite yeah this point kind of following my own agenda I think I am picking up on something quite deep there as well and I do you have that sense of listening and again a kind of embodied level which is important of just that anxiety of like the other sense of wanting to sink into the relationship and wanting to be held and wanting to trust and that actually these kind of flakiness I mean ghosting like you know when she talks about him not being in touch for a couple of days like I've kind of physically feel that as I'm listening to like bloody hell that must be awful and just that rockingness like being on a kind of rollercoaster with someone and just not being able to trust kind of attachment if you think I guess maybe is someone what I'm feeling there and the insecurity that is there in that relationship with Josh. Yeah yeah maybe I don't know but like then when things are good things feel really good but I guess just like more and more that awareness of like all the things might might drop out again um but then also knowing that like his flakiness or ghosting or whatever only ever lasts a few days so like it'll be back but yeah I know it feels like a rollercoaster and it's exhausting. You're sorry it feels like a really like a rollercoaster like it's a rollercoaster and it's exhausting. Yeah. So I'm more about that exhausting more way. Um just like writing that wave of like things are really good and then like being taken out of it and then going into doubt and going into like oh my god are all men like this like I think I just spiral about like will I ever find someone or like if he is the one then how do I deal with this um and then that'll just be for a few days and then it's like back to being great and you know we get along so well and just like writing that and always keeping it in the back of my head of like how much I love him. I don't know it's a really hard at rollercoaster. I can really hear those kind of highs. If you're feeling like you love him, if you're feeling things are great and everything's okay but then it kind of dips down and you get these times when it feels like you feel let down and feel not understood and feel um like he's not really there for you and then it gets okay again so it kind of leaves you not really certain what to do whether this is a relationship you can trust is it one that you can kind of really commit to. So it's interesting listening to this because actually one of the things is that a few years ago I did have quite some of the relationship myself that was a real roller coaster kind of just those ups and downs and just feeling like it was really exhausting. Um I mean I don't share that with her and I don't think you would have been helpful to share that. Um it's uh you know it's not what she wants to hear or what she wants to talk about but I think I kind of am drawing on that you know with those experiences you have to be careful that you don't um even if you don't talk about it that you don't assume that the client's experience is going to be the same as yours but they means to us about kind of existential touch things is like if you have had experiences sometimes that can help you into more into the client's world and to understand that that kind of emotional level of what it might be like but might be the key word rather than is like. Yeah but I also feel like I don't know like I love him so much that like to think about not being with him is just I don't know like can I just put up with I don't know can you just put up with with like him plaking out or whatever um because then things go back to being really good um but also I don't know like I don't want that to be my whole life. Yeah they've thought of the whole life of being with someone who's constantly flaking out or you you can't trust that they're not going to flake out at some point. Yeah or like if we have kids together and then he does that like I don't want I don't want our kids all of a sudden thinking that's normal or like that would be a lot on me to have to take care of kids like while he's gone or whatever. So what's your sense of what's your sense of what's going on it sounds like the key you know there's this key like there's a really good relationship but then there's these periods where things really don't work for you because Josh's is described as kind of flaking out or ghosting you or disappearing. So I guess there's a question of whether that can change um whether it's something you need to accept if you need to accept it it sounds like you know you're really not sure if there's a right relationship but you know maybe it's something that can change. What what happened I mean how how do you when he does ghost that when these things go you know wrong how do you kind of respond to that how do you engage with that? That's just awful. I've said about five different things there um yeah and far too much you know I think that from a person's end to standpoint where we've got to this is kind of tension in the client this dilemma between about wanting to be in this relationship not wanting to be in it or have concerns and I could have just stayed with that really and I don't know was I a bit anxious in the silence maybe or feeling like kind of do something certainly I try and kind of start asking about what's going on like we're going to start to go about Josh and then like I go back and ask about how she's feeling I mean it's it's a very messy thing to say I think it would have been much better just to stay and trust the client that if we stayed with that that that that dilemma um the client might find a way for not and it's not that I guess where I come from would be not sometimes do you need some help with that but we've just kind of got to that point and certainly at this point I think I could just stay with it more um I mean like usually I call Carla but she's married now um I don't know like I mean the first few times I was definitely more shocked and now it's now it feels like taking care of a little kid like I'm just going to wait um oh you know I mean she says that taking a little kid like what what happens to me is that isn't I guess I'm saying that he's not a relationship that is that he's you know you don't want to I mean I am engaged and and you know that sense of you really I don't want to have a relationship for the rest of my life for you someone who's going to be a little kid it's like that that sounds pretty horrific at that point and I can feel that emotionally I'm not sure I say it but I can certainly feel it and it's like something that's annoying and definitely like upsetting but I don't know I like I know he'll be back um or hope you will um how do you respond to him do you talk to him about it do you um I mean I send a lot of texts um I try calling but like I don't know when he comes back and apologizes it's always something like you know oh he wasn't around his phone or his phone died or like could be true I don't know if it is um you can charge a phone um um I don't know he apologizes and then it's good to be with him I mean I think I tell him like don't do that okay so you say don't do that but do you she tell him how you feel like what goes on for you and what it's like for you um not really I guess where I'm coming from here a bit is that there is something helpful about being congruent and transparent with others about how we feel some of the time at least uh and sometimes problems are there and the person problems are there because we don't talk to others about how we feel or what share how we feel and I guess I see that as a bit of a point of therapeutic leverage leverage being kind of places in therapy where you think well maybe something could change here I guess when I'm working with clients I am thinking about you know where can where could change happen like you know I just certainly leverage is not around her feelings maybe some say that but I get a sense that her feelings are disappointment and uh kind of concerns about the relationship I wouldn't see that as a point of therapeutic leverage because I think that really makes sense to me and also you know I love for Josh my sense for me for me so I guess in thinking about what might improve in this situation I think well maybe there's something around if she could talk with him about it um maybe express it more maybe have more that conversation maybe helping them understand it more so that's kind of leading in a way but it's also based the realm maybe a kind of relational person center of understanding that we do exist in this relational nexus and congruence isn't just the versatility inside of us it's also something about our relationships with others being congruent and transparent and if we're gonna have that then better things tend to happen so I guess that's where I'm going with it because I can hear for you like what you describe with the wedding that you feel hurt and maybe disappointed you feel kind of like maybe you know let down in some ways perhaps so that's all going on for you but it sounds like you don't share that what you say is you know you gotta do this and you gotta be in touch like you said last week but um what happens that you don't tell him how you feel um I don't know like we don't really talk about feelings that much I don't know I feel like women are better about that like Karla and I will just like talk about feelings for hours um but I don't know I mean I could with Josh but I don't know like sometimes he's just like not that he brushes it off but it's kind of like you know like I'll say I love you when I say I love you first like he asked to follow my lead on everything and then it's it's I don't know like if I start bringing up emotions either he's gonna I don't know like maybe he would just laugh it off return it into a joke like not in a bad way he's funny um I don't know it just it's not the norm it's not the norm I wonder you know to if you thought about saying to him look Josh you know I felt really hurt um you know I really wanted you to be there like stuff that you said to me or imagine stuff you said to Karla about how it really impacts you when you think about like imagine saying that to Josh um what does it bring up for you um like all of a sudden I'm dependent um yeah I think it so you know on the one hand you can say this is really me following my gender about uh talking you know maybe maybe there's some judgment there that she should be talking through then you're saying she should be but I guess I'm exploring whether that might be helpful and I guess I am coming from the place thinking that that is as I said before potentially a place of useful therapy leverage that maybe that would be good and that kind of leads into things like interpersonal therapy perspectives for instance which would hold that um talking openly and honestly with people it is not always but but but can be good things it's certainly a nonviolent communication about expressing our needs and expressing our wants there's a lot of different theories about the value of uh talking kind of honestly um and it is also interesting when she touches now on dependency which is again it feels like quite deep you know that fear of dependency but that feels like quite a deep thing that we're now getting into and connecting with about what it would mean to really talk to him she kind of laughs it off and she kind of says oh man can't do that and I kind of don't go with that maybe I feel slightly um whatever slightly and I'm not annoyed but I just I think there's part of me at this point thinking that she does have some responsibility and she's kind of very much putting it or Josh can do that I'm thinking well maybe there is also something about you ringing in yourself into that relationship and that you have some responsibilities there as well and you know I don't say it in that way to how I think it'd be difficult to say that in a way that wasn't experienced as critical um but at the same time I'm not just going with you know wouldn't be okay for Josh I'm kind of bringing her back to herself and her possibilities for saying that yeah I think it would feel weird to be like not yeah like to all of a sudden say what I not like what I mean but I don't know like growing up I people work always the one coming to me with that kind of stuff or um like I was taking care of my brother and I don't know like saying that saying that to Josh either either would feel like I'm being like the teacher being like at the time to talk about feelings um and like because he has childish in some ways um or all of a sudden me coming to him being like this needy needy little girlfriend it's kind of needy little girlfriend and the thought of years and needy little girlfriend is what we are uncomfortable or unfamiliar I guess in regere in terms that that sense of neediness is is part of her experiencing that has been denied and distorted she it's not okay for her to she's growing up feeling that it's not okay to her to feel needy and to want someone but actually those feelings are there and they're legitimate and the work is and I'm bringing those to the surface in a sense and talking about them and allowing her to feel that they're okay because through that empathy through that unconditional acceptance what we're communicating is that that neediness is is is is legitimate it's we do need other people she does need she does need joy I mean that's a reality that she does need Josh and she's disappointed because he's just disappearing um that's the truth about that's a chase further we're kind of coming to uh like cringey cringey yeah cringey to feed you to have feelings and needs um yeah I mean that's normal but I guess to like be needy like I don't know it feels like there's a difference between having needs and then maybe yeah so you don't want to be needy yeah but you do have needs yeah it sounds like you know someone needs you talked about with Josh is about feeling like he's kind of there for you feeling like he's not gonna just disappear those you need but it sounds like it's quite difficult to imagine and kind of sharing that because perhaps it touches on your own feelings of vulnerability yeah yeah I don't know it feels like things I'm fine talking about like with Carla like with other people who talk about that kind of stuff um but that's just like not his personality I don't know or maybe he does with the other guys I don't know but I'm just aware that you're kind of I guess describing it or explaining it in terms of Josh and what Josh is like and Josh is a bit bit childish and you know I guess Josh is in the room so you know it's difficult to discuss that but I guess for you what you're kind of recognizing you know if you just keep it focused on you is that for you maybe sharing that and being open about that vulnerability is difficult you kind of used to being in that role of looking after other people aren't you yeah it's kind of it's quite challenging that I mean she's a game putting it onto Josh and I'm kind of there's a bit of a tussle I guess going on I'm kind of putting it back to her and I've done a wave on a ability came in I mean I think that was really for me she doesn't talk about vulnerability I guess I kind of pick up on that um yeah I'm inviting her to go back to herself and to think about what it might be like you know for her to share those feelings with Josh and for her maybe to express some need even towards Josh um I imagine me to Carla maybe that's on fire I imagine me Carla it's probably a look about criticizing Josh rather than perhaps her so to Carla I need him I want him I feel scared he's going to let me down maybe she says that maybe that's on fire um but I'm kind of but the fact that it evokes quite a lot of feeling and I'm kind of cringing us and I'm comfortable nurse to me so something about how that is difficult for her and it's maybe something where there are conditions of worth around it yeah yeah it feels weird to them like reverse that one of this part of you being some ways in relationships because you talked about a few past relationships before and you were saying that there was kind of you know a bit similar pattern that I wonder if you know part of you does tend to go into relationships and maybe not create that situation but just because it feels so familiar there's something about getting back into that role of being the one who's maybe kind of looking after the other person and being the dependent one and maybe it's less familiar or more difficult to go into that role of being the one who also has needs and yeah I mean like I like being the one who takes care of people and like I don't know that brings me warm then yeah maybe it just feels familiar or something I know that I'm good at and then to all of a sudden need that from someone else feels like well why can't I do it for myself or they you should be able to do that for yourself yeah there's a there's a lovely phrase from the Gestalt Therapist Richard Heist and I who talks about the deep soul nourishment that only others can bring the deep soul nourishment that only others can bring and as I'm listening to that I'm thinking about the worker and relational that which is basically more of a kind of interrelational frame rather than perhaps more classical clients answered therapy which is a bit more individual centered but from the work we've done a relational that but it is the idea that we really need that connection with other people we need other people and that she's kind of saying I should be able to provide that for myself and I guess my assumption is I'm sure there's a lot that she can provide for herself but I guess I'm also thinking but yeah there's things that we need from other people there are these things that she needs from Josh and it's kind of I think I feel it's kind of sadness her saying that there's something kind of quite isolated about this idea that you know I need to provide myself with all these kind of affection and I'm warm then meeting my needs that I can't expect others to provide that with me for me yeah like if I can do it for other people I don't know but then why can't I have it from someone else I don't know yeah why can't someone else do that for you I don't know like maybe I'm like scared so wrong word but like if I all of a sudden experience that then how sad would it be to realize that I went like 26 years without that that's quite a powerful statement isn't it um you know so I have to recognize that I've gone 26 years without this um yeah that really strikes me she's saying that so that really touched on some painful feelings and side feelings yeah to think about that you've actually what not had that you've always looked after others but actually for a lot of your life maybe all your life that you haven't felt looked after yourself yeah I mean like in different ways I have but but yeah I don't feel like I really have been like the way that I look after other people um you haven't been looked after in the way that you look after other people yeah because you had to do so much of the looking after I guess when you're younger because of your brother yeah and just like in all like past relationships and things like that like even friendships a little bit too like I feel like I'm the one that's like hyper aware of other people on their needs and like their feelings and things that are important to them um yeah and like I haven't really had that and so not that it's like better than to go my whole life without feeling it but I don't know like if I feel it now like I don't want to feel like then I was missing out my whole life and here there's some real sadness as you say that good hear that kind of voice with almost cracking uh and you can just feel how much the kind of pace is slowed down feels like we're at a very kind of deep level of connection now still missing out your whole life and all I'm offering is just very very simple reflections at this point really I think more needs to be said how are you how are you feeling as you say that um I guess um I don't know but then I think like my default is to think of like well people do nice things um like maybe like negating that feeling um um people do nice things just does nice things yeah yeah that sounds really true but it also sounds like that there is that sadness as well and maybe underneath it or alongside it yeah and like you've always been looking off for other people yeah and to ask for it now to express that need for other people now would be to kind of recognize that maybe um had it as much your light too yeah like if I do it now but like wide end though 10 years ago like I don't know I've gotten this far yeah you've done amazing I mean you know the things you describe your life or relationships you've done amazing well but it does also feel like maybe something has been missing and I guess there's a question maybe a choice about whether the kind of recognize that and try and do something to maybe bring that more into your life what do you say well you know I've been okay up to now and I'm just going to let it go yeah it's kind of clarifying the kind of different pools of different directions um that's going on for her since just in the air I say we've done amazingly well I'm not sure if that's I mean is that helpful um the reality is actually in relationship she has struggled but I guess I'm trying to hold that positive um and maybe to um yeah yeah I guess I'm really conscious of not wanting to come across as critical wanting to come across as pricing and really valuing and respecting her and not to be saying well now you need to acknowledge I guess if I'm honest you know part of me does feel that she's better off kind of recognizing that now and maybe beginning to feel that she can be a bit dependent and allowing that side of her to grow rather than spending the rest of her life kind of saying well I don't want to do this because it means recognizing it and then when she's 50 or 60 still feeling well I've never done it you know it kind of doesn't doesn't feel quite the right way to go but I want to honor and hold both of those different standpoints yeah because I get that so since with Josh when you you know there's lots of great things there and that you really love him and that yeah I have a lot but there is something you know there is something more that you want need from him yeah yeah ecrepoises a nice word ecrepoise um I think comes from doing randomised controlled trials but ecrepoise just holding up balance being able to put both both sides of it and put it back to the client so the client can think about where they want to go with that yeah like all the sudden I'm realizing like if we are going to be like life partners or like make that commitment then yeah there are things that I would want from him more so than if we were just like casually dating hmm what are those things um like yeah I guess that I can depend on him like some level of consistency um some initiation from him um yeah I guess like dependability yeah yeah yeah so they're all some needs they're right now yeah and I imagine it feels imagine it doesn't feel easy to kind of say these are things that I need from him yeah no no then yeah I feel like that I just be in my head I become like a needy girlfriend that whole want of I don't know like that's not convenient the what that there's not that he'll want to what that he'll want to get rid of yeah maybe yeah like if he realizes all the sudden that like he has to step up to the plate more um or like yeah but I want to be able to depend on him that like more is being asked of him that'll be the tipping point so you're worried that if you express those needs he'll go yeah yeah which like of course I don't want to break up with him but yeah yeah or the helic lash out like you know make it a joke or not take it seriously um and then all like I don't want him always be the one that's like you are really funny but we have to have a serious conversation like I want to be fun yeah so I guess that's another need you want to be the fun one but you say you don't want to wait to be the one looking after him yeah but it feels like you've got needs but it feels difficult and it's almost like you don't feel you have a right to express them yeah yeah I don't know if it's like that I don't have the right but yeah maybe it's that or maybe that's not quite right like weighing things are so good so why why like mess with that yeah there's a fear of missing with it if you express your needs and I guess it feels really unfamiliar doesn't it yeah it's about to express your needs but like you're saying like with David at work as well as no situations you feel kind of powerless don't you that you just have to go along with that yeah yeah I mean the nice thing about like at work is I have a boss whereas you don't have a boss there is no boss there's no boss so there's no boss so in a sense there's you that it comes down to you it doesn't out yeah because I guess I just want the you know you want you know the idea would be just it's different in some ways I know not in lots of ways you love him as he is but there are ways that you'd like him to be different and maybe he's not going to change without you kind of well not that you can make him change but maybe you can talk to him about how you feel what it does do how upset you get so that he understands that more I guess that does for a very leading I kind of made you know you can really hear me kind of banging all about maybe she could talk to him and tell him what she feels yeah I this feels too much I guess you know no be none of us are mind readers and you know Josh may not know that without some conversation yeah I mean I feel like he knows it in some way like intuitively like you know me getting upset or whatever when he goes or like when he couldn't come to the wedding um but yeah like I haven't told him directly like this is what I need for me oh but I don't know like I can tell when he's upset and like when he needs face and when he needs comfort or like that like I'd love for him to be able to sense it yeah you want him to be able to pick it up and just be able to know what you're feeling yeah but well maybe maybe he does it sounds like maybe he doesn't yeah you kind of hope he does and you think intuitively he has some sense but maybe you know I guess there's a possibility that he doesn't maybe he doesn't know how much I'm so it's yeah maybe there's a way maybe what we need to be thinking about is ways that you can maybe communicate that to him in a way that doesn't feel needy but does also allow you to have kind of needs and to feel that it's okay to express those needs no idea where that is going I mean I think the point is maybe that it's okay to her to feel needy so to say she can express it in a way that doesn't feel needy is you know I think that is really bringing back a kind of judgment into it which is really not helpful I mean I think of where I'm at at this point is this is less person centered and is more some of the stuff I'm kind of written about in interest then from into personal theory existential therapy about how we kind of assume that people can read us and they can't always and that sometimes we need to be really explicit about what's going on for ourselves inside because we often assume people know what's going on actually they don't they kind of myth of the myth of the kind of what is it? Myth of the transparent mind which is interesting which I do agree with but yeah it's not particularly person centered is very much my theory is coming in here and in a kind of jumbled and fairly inconsistent way I'm just more than just the word of time we just got a couple of minutes before we need to finish how's it felt talking today? I don't know like I think it's all stuff that like I know deep down and so like part of it is hard to then talk about or realize or whatever what's the stuff you know deep down? like that I want more that I'm not coming to the wedding like actually really sucked even though you know like I accepted his apology so quickly I think that kindness is to me that it has been a useful session you know it's kind of brought to this surface stuff that she's known deep down and what I kind of saying it's been difficult to you know stuff that's difficult to acknowledge but she has acknowledged it and she has talked about it and she has kind of flail I think at some level that the kind of the suckiness the sadness of it that that it is difficult and helpful maybe helped to think about how she feels more in a relationship with George which she wants you can see this kind of leading on to more conversations really about the relationship and her thinking about it and I guess you know on the one hand I feel like talking to him about it and the way I've been kind of pushing that in the last part of this session is he's quite directive but on the other hand if a honest it does feel like also a place of real therapy it leaves it's like it would be a shame for her to kind of you know at the moment she's seeing itself as kind of like two options either she stays with you or she leaves George but if there is this option that she could talk to him about it and if it meant that he would understand more and he could be more sensitive and responsive I mean he might not be it but you know if that is a possibility that does seem like a good potential way forward so even if maybe it is a bit directive and a bit less person centered I think I think potentially that there is value in it yeah potentially and I guess you could say it's person sending in the sense of congruent it's me bringing in kind of my feelings about it but it is also kind of bringing in more theory from from different other areas to kind of bringing something to suggest essentially to more fun yeah I feel like I don't know there's no time like I work I'm tired and I'm hanging out and things are good like there's no real time to check in the side with you yeah no I mean I feel no I have a lot to think about well that's a good sign it's kind of brought stuff to the surface I guess isn't it like it's like kind of like stuff you know deep inside about maybe your needs and what's not working huge well as what it is yeah I guess things are so busy it's kind of easy to kind of bury that but I guess the reason you came here to count thing is because you did want to you can get through and kind of process it but I appreciate that that's not always it easy yeah like I wish I could do this like with Josh you know like let's set up one hour let's talk you'd like a time to talk about this stuff with Josh yeah I mean actually I don't work with couples and not experience a couple of therapy but actually that suggests that maybe encouraging them to talk with someone together about it might be really helpful maybe having somebody there would allow her to express more this maybe that would help if Josh was making a joke about it that would help to kind of stay with it and also of course hearing from Josh what he's experiencing and how he's perceiving also you know that that could have been something maybe later in this work to suggest them raise and you know if you're right experience couples therapy to bring that in as an option or to offer that or to offer suggest that that's something she might pick up with someone else they might pick up it sounds like you've maybe done some of that but I guess what you're saying is that some of that hasn't maybe been directly expressed to him yeah I mean like a little bit but I feel like it's like while we're cooking dinner or like I don't know we're always doing or like in the car like it's not just like actually sitting down without distraction um yeah or it's so fast you know and then he's funny and then we joke and I don't know and it sounds like there's going to things with Josh about his user humor that maybe makes it more difficult I have that serious conversations but I think what we've been talking about this session is also there's maybe things in you that make it difficult as well at times to be open about what's going on for you and how things affect you that you kind of naturally go into that kind of role of looking after someone else maybe rather than allowing someone to look after you or feeling that it's okay for you to be looked after and expressing those feelings okay so that's kind of challenging again I'm kind of putting that back to her and um yeah I'm kind of saying you've got a part in that is is that helpful you know I guess the risk for something like that is it always comes across as critical but also I want my clients to to have some learning and I I guess your mouth came out of the session just with thinking well Josh is flaky and he just makes a joke of everything I'm not sure how helpful that would be I think as a counselor as a mouth is counselor I have some role to help her learn something about herself here and maybe something that is not the easiest thing to accept but maybe something that's important to to recognize yeah like it feels weird to all of sudden bring up my needs like when he is tired from a long day or like when he's stressed when I don't know it's much easier for me to be like all cooked in air or like you relax or let's talk things through or like oh I bought you something um that's just yeah I feel like last supper on my part yeah easier but I do so I guess something about the kind of psychological effort about yeah doing something you know the situation and things and things about Josh but there's all some things but yeah and I guess what you say in the session is that in some ways you got a I don't know like a choice or be kind of try and find ways of being in relationship in which you always don't have needs and those are really stressed or is it just too difficult to go that way and you you know is about to just stay in that kind of role of looking after I don't know what you think you I mean we're like 30 seconds to go asking a client what do you think about my situation like that is not brilliant things to say um yeah really not helpful um I feel like it all like I could totally be the caretaker or whatever for like I don't know 20 more years but then all of a sudden it'll hit me that like wow I'm 50 and I'm taking care everyone I don't know like like the candle will burn out and at some point it'll be too late to now find someone who can take care of me yeah yeah sorry so I should probably do that now yeah I guess I'm aware you know when you when we were talking about that and that choice I was you could definitely do that role couldn't you do being that caretaker and I can see why it would be sad to kind of acknowledge that there might be differences but I guess a moment a moment you know the part of me was thinking but yeah it would be sad but also do you want to is it better would it be better to do that now then get to your 50s or your 6th days and then you know think because yeah he's still so young and there's still so much possibility so I guess it was good there is I think that I'm honest about it and I own it um my vision is on that a bit earlier and I say you know that that that's that kind of congruent so I'm what my how I see it and what the value of that in this sentence is it allows the client to stand back more and rather than an kind of implicit message there's a kind of it it's explicitly stated in the client might say well actually you know I want to um I want to live like this and and I'm happy with it and I'm making that decision but at least in a sense they're making that decision and then reflecting on it and they're choosing it rather than it just coming up automatically happening yeah but not so like I don't know friends are getting married like it doesn't feel like there's that much time yeah I don't know what she means by that is that that feels a pressure yeah yeah like especially like wanting kids and um like wanting to really like start a family like yes so there's a kind of balance there isn't there between kind of wanting to get on with that the finding out the right person and finding that you can be in in in that yeah okay I think I understand at that point she's saying like I need to get on with this and maybe it's not going to be perfect it maybe you know for start expressing my needs and then that pushes Joshua away and then you know I'm not going to get on to the baby so you know we get to the end of the session really and there's there's these two poles is two different things but I think we've clarified we're deeper and we've understood more about where they're coming from and as Martha's saying there's a lot for her to take away and kind of process and digest yeah okay we finished there yeah yeah okay I'll see you next week then okay thank you so I hope that's interesting um you know it's by no means a perfect session and I can there's some things I see most often I think oh my god how could I do that um but I think overall what I get a sense of is a process deepening I like watching that that things do really slow down and then there's more kind of emotional depth and more relational that between us in terms of that understanding I think there's a lot of questions at the end of it and certainly we don't come to any easy answers but I think there's kind of more in the mix there from Martha more thinking about maybe more understanding of herself in those relationships um and if you see that session in the context of some sessions before you need to talk about that and then more sessions coming back next week maybe to talk more and more what's happening maybe that there is more conversation that she'll then have with just a kind of thing probably it's there's some helpful work going on there in terms of developing Martha's inside helping her connect more with herself and understand herself well I mean of course it would be great would be to understand more from Martha about how she found that session and uh what it was like for her and whether there were things there that she felt that she could take away um you know and in another video maybe that that would be a good thing to to do is to hear a lot more from the client but I hope that gives some sense to her kind of a person-centered process and how it can bring things out and and and be um have a kind of therapeutic potential so thanks for listening